I was really nervous about it. I really wanted the job and was willing to work hard once I got it. I had a good first experience I got hired right away and all those nerves went away. My resume was really important, I had the qualifications needed for the job but still, I was nervous about the whole thing. |I liked the design of the website although I couldn’t test it that much because it seems to be under development. The options that the site have don’t lead you anywhere so I’m gussing theres a lot of work to be done.
When applying for my first job it was stressful. I did not know if I woulds get the job or not. At the time my resume did not matter because it was a simple temp job.|The website has a very simplistic design, which I like. Each panel was easy to see and understand. Every link was easily accessible from the homepage. The site for its simplicity is not the most intriguing look.
My experience for applying for my first job was good. I had to submit my resume through the companies website and I think it was very important.|The website is very boring. There is no color and nothing appealing about it at all. I don't like the set up of it at all. They need to create something more eye catching.
 it was great experience and i had a great resume. it will time consuming because i have to wait to long for my interview|nice and simple, need to add more graphics
The first job I ever applied for was a dish washer job at a below average diner. The turnover rate for dishwashers was so low, they would practically hire anyone. The hours were awful (you would have to work 5 hours to get 50% off of a meal and so they would give dishwashers 4 and a half hour shifts) and the people around me were terrible. A resume was not needed and I quit after a month of doing this, which lead to me not putting this onto my own resume afterwards.|I like the icons; they are big, easy to see and have modern looking graphics. What this page is missing is color. Also what is missing is a button usually located on the bottom of pages labeled "Contact". I know there are social media links right there, but a special email should be created and linked towards the bottom. Even a link that says "About" which details as much as John Doe is willing to share about his history and goals in life can give people viewing the page that are interested that much more to care about him.
When I applied for my first job I was only 16 and I had no resume, but still got the job. I just filled out an application and then had an interview and got the job.|I like the site because it is understated. It gives me pause, makes me slow down and look closer. That is due to the lack of busy complicated elements on the screen. I feel that it helps the viewer to focus in on the actual elements contained within a site when it is more understated, and when the user isn't inundated with flashy content and graphics. The inclusion of the social media buttons also helps to make the site feel current and authentic as well.
 it was fearful, because it was my first interview and after interview i was relax|over all it is good, but need to make some proper aligment.
My first job was at Arby's when I was 14 years old in Cincinnati, Ohio. I did not have a resume. I simply applied, and they called me and hired me a week later. Of course, this is a fast food job we're talking about, so it's not like it's a real challenge to get the job. I was only 14!|While the layout and functionality are great and very intuitive, the fonts are horrible. It definitely needs some work on the fonts, and maybe some work on the background. Instead of plain white, maybe a picture, or tiles, or a gradient color or something. It just looks like something you'd see on an ATM machine - functional, but boring.
Resume is very important & first job interview most of them will be very tensed. On that time our resume will help me to show our experience & qualification perfectly. I was very tensed and nervous in my first interview , But I had a perfect resume after seeing my resume that senior officer asked 2 to 3 questions & I answered correctly. They liked my different way of answering. Finally I got the job. On that day my resume helped me a lot.|In your website the way you designed is very beautiful. If I keep the cursor near the icon the next moment colour changed that is really awesome . I think this is a well designed website.
It was a graphic design job i called for off craigslist. no resume was needed. |It is simple but gets the job done. A banner with some images would be nice to make it more interesting.
In my experience resume is important things of the interview place. because the our overall qualification is condensation with in a particular pages.|The Website contain so many different type of Apps.
 I actually was lucky and got hired for the first job that I applied to, but now I'm in graduate school to finish my education and I haven't had a job that is truly within my field of study yet. I'll meet the full qualifications of my intended profession once I attain a masters degree.|I thought this website was interesting but a little mainstream. I personally like really vivid portfolio designs with interactive and colorful design patterns. I thought the design looked very professional but not extremely unique.
Have not done.|It is too plain. There is no personal touch. It looks like a website that is in the VERY early stages.
 i walked in and handed applications to a bunch of places.|It needs some oomf to it. It is very plain and boring.
my grandparents hired me for their business.|Too plain. needs some color and pictures.