The buttons for the various projects are easy to see, but blend together because they are all gray until highlighted by the mouse. The icons look nice, but it would be difficult to tell what each project was about based on them because the images are not very specific and look like stock icons. I would improve the site with color and more personalized graphics.
The website looks like a resume where it is chronologically given. If you could provide some tabs and more eye catching background, then it would be great I liked it, its simple and straightforward, it just needs some color.
What I liked most is how the portfolio website is simple and straightforward. The projects are neatly itemized separately. Things that I did not like much: the upper part of the website can use a bit of a more professional but not bland looking template instead of the all white, and same with the font. Projects can also use a one sentence description instead of just the name.may be the website under construction.nice looking with menu items
Looks interesting, but in my opinion it is too dim. When hover the mouse over the project, a description should appear, because this will help save time for the person reading your portfolio
"The site looks classic. No graphic contents loaded and henct it was fast. Categorization of the project was so simple. If special instruction in home page was available, it may be useful for further process.Thank you"
I like this project which done by John Doe a studying Engineering in CS.
"Your website is looking clean and professional but you should change 1.Logo 2.Background color or pattern 3.Add feedback or contact form 4.Add menu like home about services etc... 5.Add some animations like logo animation or header gallery etc.."The layout of the page is nice. The header could use some more work, maybe a nav bar, some new fonts. The h1 is a little plain and the John Doe doesn't really stand out. The actual project grid is a responds well to hover and is appealing when it changes from grey scale to color. The responsiveness of the web page could be worked on a little, once the screen is resized to the one column layout it seems a little too soon and could even go to a 2 column layout first before switching to the one. The color scheme is a little plain and could use some sprucing up. Grey on grey is a little boring. The footer is well designed, but maybe the top border could be a little more apparent or maybe a background color put in to make it stand out a little more. Good first portfolio pge though!"Good things about website:1.) Simple 2.) Concise
Scope for Improvement:1.) Add more colors to the website. It looks a little bit dull right now. Maybe some orange strips.2.) Add picture of yours along with the name on homepage followed by a brief description (Ex: Student, Tennis Player, Music Enthusiast, AI Geek)3.) Below this, add several links such as: Skills, Projects, Experience, Hobbies, Contact etc. When people click on one of these links, then it should give the description of that respective field."
The site is very boring and has little to no color. The description of what John Doe does is also very vague and lacks any vivid or descriptive words to really make him stand out. I also did not like that the Project didn't have any descriptive names to help distinguish them from one another. Overall this website really just needs an attention getter and it needs more color and uniqueness to make it look a lot more professional and interesting.
You can make the design more simple.
This is a list of 8 projects John Doe has been working on for building front-end development and human computer interaction. I like the overall design of the website and how the individual projects are easily accessible by simply clicking on the icons on the main page."What I liked: I believe the overall layout looks fine and communicated a message properly, but I consider it requires some improvements to be more appealing to me. The bootstrap version for mobile and the desktop version both looked great. What to improve:For the desktop version: The text between John Doe and the paragraph has to much white space , decrease the padding/margins from top to bottom by half. I would also apply this to the other vertical whitespace. .
Add colors, it will help a lot. I would make consider reversing the icon animations or adding more color to the way they interact. The icon you provide is basically describing the link without words, so I would rather not highlight each one just to get a feel for what the link might contain.
I would want to see John Doe written at the top of the page with a different typography that resembles more of header title tags. (Ex: H1 title tags). 
Add a small black or colored line at the top of the page , maybe around 3-7 pixels to have a little more pop to the page. It would make the page feel more at frame."As far as images I could only see the images on the Projects page. I would liked to interact with each individual project to fully get a better understanding of the image on the projects. They seemed quite simple in artistic work."The site loads fast but there is no deep content. Design of the site was nice and exactly matching appropriate fonts are settled well. Social media links are available in the site was advanced. If mouse pointer moves or keep in the topic, Details of the page have to display.Overall design of the site was nice"