The website was very simple and easy to navigate through. The load times were really quick and the icons for each project makes it easier to remember the pages you would like to see
HI JOHN DOE, THE WEBSITE YOU CREATED IS VERY GOOD BUT YOU CAN STILL IMPROVE IT BY ADDING ANIMATING THINGS WHEN CLICKING ON THAT ICON , WHICH MAKES YOUR WEBSITE UNIQUE
Designed the website very systematically with all the projects. Icons are designed well and colorful while moving the cursor near it. Fonts are easy to follow. Planned very well with the projects number. Naming the projects with the icons would be fine.
The fact that website lacks colour is slightly disappointing. Lack of graphic elements and the use of basic fonts makes it look plain. However the lack of clutter actually allows to focus on the important elements of the website. The fact that each of the projects gets coloured and pops up when the mouse is moved over it, makes the project stand out and urges the user to click on it. The back button on the project pages is too prominent and probably persuades people to click it before they read through the content on the page. The social media links pop out into a new window, but the back button on that window does not close the window. Instead, it takes you back to the homepage. This could be confusing as there could be multiple home pages open due to this. Suggestions: 1. Slightly more colour and graphics on pages, but not too much. 2. Use of more attractive fonts. 3. Smaller back button on the project pages. 4. Back button on social media page to be removed and only allow users to close the window. 5. Could add an about page and copyright to specify years of copyright.
The website is very grey. The part where you show the projects, they can be much colourful and that will help the viewer to quickly pay attention to it. I see that on hover, it changes colour, but would have preferred the colour there without even the hover. I personally would love a little bit more scrolling as four projects arranged in a row is little too much. Three in a row works much better. You have done a good job with responsiveness so nothing to complain there.
The first look at the website makes it look like a professional black and white page. Looks kind of modern. I like how the icons pop up on hover. The title name in the bottom is unnecessary I think because when i clicked on the link it took me to its page. I like the checkboard thing holding all those icons. Very sleek website. Also, the name stands out on the top. Maybe if the red color is toned down a bit, it would look better.
I really like the website. The minimal design and color is good. I think you should be proud.
 I have opened the link what you have provided earlier. As a website designer your icon selection for each grid is not good. You should use font awesome or bootstrap default icon set for this particular grid. Except this check this line "<div class="row projectbox">". It causes horizontal scrollbar, which is look odd. You used bootstrap because of responsive design and this is really odd when horizontal scrollbar shows in responsive site. Instead of using class "row", you can directly set "width:100%" attribute in "projectbox" class. So it will not show horizontal scrollbar. I would suggest that leave a small space about 100px or 120px under "projectbox" element which contain project 1, project 2 etc. Otherwise it looks fine.
 I like the simplicity of it. I like how the images to be clicked on get bigger and go from black and white to color - that's original. It looks like it will be very easy to use, which is always important and would provide the user with a positive experience, making him want to return.
The website is dull, you can use some vibrant colors which makes it appealing.Otherwise the site is excellent . The fonts are good and legible. The way the icons are arranged is nice. This gives a neatness to the page.
It's an okay website. I would like to see a menu on the top of the page, and perhaps include a bio page with your picture as well as contact information. The icons are great if they relate to that current project. Having a menu will enhance this website a lot as well as a graphical background to the site.
The site looks good. However there is no much content in the site which looks very less information about the respective tabs it will be better if you add more information about the respective tabs
The design is minimalist, and for the most part, looks clean and nice! Very aesthetic. The website unfortunately is bland and could use some color. The objective or goal of the person behind it could be better explained, it says programmer or designer, but the icons dont immediately communicate the occupation. Color, and maybe a background of some texture so the flat graphic icons stand out.
As a portfolio, I do like the website quite a bit. I like the fact that it's simple, not too crowded, minimalistic even. There is a lot of blank space, which I like a lot - I was surprised by, but also happy with, the lack of a background image. I believe it's a good think that there aren't a lot of additional pages (projects excluded - since projects are kind of what this website is all about) nor unnecessary information about the person, and hopefully when the website is truly built about the projects as well. Both of these things make the website easy to navigate, thus enabling the person visiting it to find the information they want or are supposed to find in no time and with little effort. From a visual point of view, I love the black - white - gray part of it, and if I were to change anything on the website (and it's pretty much just this one thing that I would actually change), it would be changing the titles - the Jon Doe and Projects - to be in black or gray color. I am aware that this would, probably, be somewhat dependent on the projects, but if possible, I think it would make the website even more visually pleasing. Other than this, I am not sure I would change anything else. The site really does speak for itself, and I do think that future possible employees would have a good time checking out Jon Doe's online portfolio.
This site is very much attractive. The way by which the icons popup when we click the link is superb. The only thing I have to suggest is that you can make the page more colorful by introducing some attractive colors.
the color scheme of the design is not attracted to the visitors. please change the color scheme of the design page.
I'm pretty happy with the level of white space on the website. The text is neither overwhelming, nor too small and hard to read. I think the font could be better, but it's ok. I love the Projects section. It's very accessible and a great way to show off his work with the least amount of effort on the user's part. The muted red font and greyscale of the website I think should be altered a bit. It's ok, and I actually like that it's not too obtrusive or anything. It doesn't overwhelm the senses. But I think it could be better. Maybe a bit more orange in hue. The links on the bottom are a good touch.
website is designed well, with black and white is the dominant color, design style android system I enjoyed doing and color of the site is very clean, friendly feeling
I think it is a more interactive web page, which has a very unobtrusive design, which is very attractive to the user, when you mouse over each button, if you manage to enterder a little See the image of each button to which each project could refer; The way that would improve the page would be to change the colors of each button, to more vivid colors, more bright, since the ones that are currently used are a bit opaque, and it takes life to the web page, and try not to put all the buttons Of the projects so close together, would separate them a little more, putting two columns of two buttons in each row. In general is a very good page, visually and structurally speaking. Good design.
I think the design is very BORING. Especially the fact that it is black and white (Grayscale). You need to add colors!!, You could also find better graphics than these boring pictures. Look on stock photo sites maybe.
