I think it is okay but needs a lot more customization to it. It is pretty plain. I would like for it to at least have a banner or logo on the front page.
It is alright. I think it would benefit from some color and pictures or video. it is boring and doesn’t really draw me in.
It is quite boring. It can use some color. Also, maybe some form of interactivity like a video.
I like the site https://yagrawl.github.io/cs565/2 because it is not too bright or too busy. I believe that by using the muted and understated color scheme, it allows the viewer to be focused on the actual portfolio content, rather than being overwhelmed by the website itself. I really like the feature of the icons changing color and increasing in size when you hover over them. The words that come to mind are intelligent, fastidious and confident.
I feel like the colors of the website are way too muted--nothing really stands out but it's not minimalistic enough for it to look modern and interesting. I'd suggest adding some color to it and perhaps changing the font of the text on the website. I did like the icons that were chosen for the website though!
The website only brought me to a list of projects, each time i clicked it said that it should of contained details for the homepage, but i did not see a homepage at all. Then the name changed to John Doe. I am confused as to where your website design is.
I like the cleanliness of the design, however I'm not a fan of how the icons are off center. That looks awkward. Additionally, at least on my monitor which is
the structure and the pattern creativity is good, the font used also impressive the color seems to somewhat related to apple site. may some colorless feel towards your port folio, it will more effective to have any color theme at the top of the pattern, overall positive impression on your port folio.
None of the links actually went to anything, which is very confusing. The overall look of the splash screen is nice, the black and white with mouse over color is pleasant.
I like the basic design because it is simple and I like that it will link directly to your projects. It definitely needs some color and the opening paragraph should possibly be broken into bullet points. Employers often prefer that, almost more in resume format. Also make sure your contact information is in bold and that you provide a number of different methods to contact you. Good Luck!
i think it is an okay start. But it doesnt really captivate me or care to look around. it should be more upfront about its goal in an interesting way.
It is simple and utilitarian. It allows easy viewing of projects and the order they were done.
I like the simple layout and graphics on the front. It's very well organized. I would like the icons to originally be in color to give it a little pop. It looks dull unless you scroll over it.
I think the lay out of the page would look better if it displayed the images in color. That way it could stand out at first glance and be eye catching to the person viewing it. If possible you should think about getting rid of the box format that separates the projects as well. It will make the page seem more unified as a complete group of accomplishments. Giving the heading of the page a different color will make it bold and easy to remember (like the apple page).
I like the way the icons color when you hover over them. I would like to see the ability to hover over the name "John Doe" and click in to reveal a resume or CV. Of course since there is no work in any of the project folders the site does not feel complete but I think it has the clean look that you are going for. I think you might consider some more engaging/interesting icons to upgrade the sophistication quality but really like the layout and simple but powerful feel of the page. Wish you nothing but the best.
